1.  What’s stdint.h?

"stdint.h is a header file in the C standard library introduced in the C99 standard library section 7.18 to allow 
programmers to write more portable code by providing a set of typedefs that specify exact-width integer types, 
together with the defined minimum and maximum allowable values for each type, using macros ." https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/C_Programming/C_Reference/stdint.h

Basically this helps with portability between platforms, which (I'm guessing) allocate different amounts of bytes by default
to common data types. I will get the number of bytes I ask for.


2.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?

Makes it clear how many bytes I want for the integer.


3.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?
BYTE - 1. A BYTE is an 8-bit unsigned value that corresponds to a single octet in a network protocol.
DWORD - 4. A DWORD is a 32-bit unsigned integer (range: 0 through 4294967295 decimal). Because a DWORD is unsigned, its first bit (Most Significant Bit (MSB)) is not reserved for signing.
LONG -  4. A LONG is a 32-bit signed integer, in twos-complement format (range: –2147483648 through 2147483647 decimal). The first bit (Most Significant Bit (MSB)) is the signing bit.
WORD - 2. A WORD is a 16-bit unsigned integer (range: 0 through 65535 decimal). Because a WORD is unsigned, its first bit (Most Significant Bit (MSB)) is not reserved for signing.


4.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? 
    Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers."
    
In ASCII characters, it must be "BM"
    
5.  What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?

bfSize is the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file. biSize is the number of bytes required by the structure. bfSize includes the
size of the header files.

6.  What does it mean if biHeight is negative?

If biHeight is negative, indicating a top-down DIB, biCompression must be either BI_RGB or BI_BITFIELDS. Top-down DIBs cannot be compressed.

7.  What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?

biBitCount

8.  Why might fopen return NULL in lines 24 and 32 of copy.c?

If you do not have the correct permissions to read or write.

9.  Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?

We are always reading a single struct

10. What value does line 65 of copy.c assign to padding if bi.biWidth is 3

3

11. What does fseek do?

Moves to a specific location inside the file. "The C library function int fseek(FILE *stream, long int offset, int whence) 
sets the file position of the stream to the given offset."


12. What is SEEK_CUR?

int fseek(FILE *stream, long int offset, int whence)
whence − This is the position from where offset is added. It is specified by one of the following constants −

Constant	Description
SEEK_SET	Beginning of file
SEEK_CUR	Current position of the file pointer
SEEK_END	End of file